apps/system/time/sys_time_multiclient/readme.md, before:

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# Title

This example application demonstrates the multi-client system timer functionality

## Description

- This application demonstrates timer functionality (with two clients to the Time System Service) by periodically printing a message on console every two seconds and blinking an LED every one second

- Delay, counter and single shot timer functionality is demonstrated on a switch press

- On a switch press, the application reads the current value of the 64 bit counter (say, count1)
- It then starts a delay of 500 milliseconds and waits for the delay to expire
- Once the delay has expired, the application again reads the current value of the 64 bit counter (say, count2) and calculates the difference between the two counter values

- The difference count indicates the time spent for the delay and is printed on the console as, "Delay time = x ms", where x is the delay value and is equal to 500 milliseconds in the given example

- The application then starts a single shot timer of 100 milliseconds
- When the single shot timer expires, a message is printed on the console that says "Single shot timer of 100 ms expired"
- This message is printed only once on every switch press

## Downloading and building the application

To clone or download this application from Github, go to the [main page of this repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/core_apps_sam_l22) and then click Clone button to clone this repository or download as zip file.
This content can also be downloaded using content manager by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/contentmanager/wiki).

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/system/time/sys_time_multiclient/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| sam_l22_xpro.X | MPLABX project for [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| sam_l22_xpro.X | [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) |
|||

### Setting up [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the EDBG Virtual COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application using its IDE
4. Observe the following message getting printed on the console every two seconds

    ![output_sys_time_multiclient_1](images/output_sys_time_multiclient_1.png)

5. Press the switch and observe the following output on the terminal (highlighted in red box)

    ![output_sys_time_multiclient_2](images/output_sys_time_multiclient_2.png)

    - "Delay time = 500 ms" indicates the amount of time spent during the delay
    - "Single shot timer of 100 ms expired" is printed only once on every switch press

6. LED indicates the periodic timer functionality
    - LED is toggled periodically every one second

*Note: Printing of the output messages are asynchronous events and hence their ordering is not guaranteed. Image provided in above step is for illustration purpose only.*

Refer to the following table for LED name:

| Board | LED Name | Switch Name |
| ----- | -------- | ----------- |
|  [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) | LED0 | SW0 |
|||

Commit message:

[SYS_TIME] Regenerated demo for system_time_sys_time_multiclient_sam_l22_xpro
MH3-42982

Signed-off-by: Vishal Gandhi <vishal.gandhi@microchip.com>

apps/system/time/sys_time_multiclient/readme.md, after:

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# Time System Service multi-client

This example application demonstrates the multi-client system timer functionality

## Description

- This application demonstrates timer functionality (with two clients to the Time System Service) by periodically printing a message on console every two seconds and blinking an LED every one second

- Delay, counter and single shot timer functionality is demonstrated on a switch press

- On a switch press, the application reads the current value of the 64 bit counter (say, count1)
- It then starts a delay of 500 milliseconds and waits for the delay to expire
- Once the delay has expired, the application again reads the current value of the 64 bit counter (say, count2) and calculates the difference between the two counter values

- The difference count indicates the time spent for the delay and is printed on the console as, "Delay time = x ms", where x is the delay value and is equal to 500 milliseconds in the given example

- The application then starts a single shot timer of 100 milliseconds
- When the single shot timer expires, a message is printed on the console that says "Single shot timer of 100 ms expired"
- This message is printed only once on every switch press

## Downloading and building the application

To clone or download this application from Github, go to the [main page of this repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/core_apps_sam_l22) and then click Clone button to clone this repository or download as zip file.
This content can also be downloaded using content manager by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/contentmanager/wiki).

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/system/time/sys_time_multiclient/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| sam_l22_xpro.X | MPLABX project for [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| sam_l22_xpro.X | [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) |
|||

### Setting up [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the EDBG Virtual COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application using its IDE
4. Observe the following message getting printed on the console every two seconds

    ![output_sys_time_multiclient_1](images/output_sys_time_multiclient_1.png)

5. Press the switch and observe the following output on the terminal (highlighted in red box)

    ![output_sys_time_multiclient_2](images/output_sys_time_multiclient_2.png)

    - "Delay time = 500 ms" indicates the amount of time spent during the delay
    - "Single shot timer of 100 ms expired" is printed only once on every switch press

6. LED indicates the periodic timer functionality
    - LED is toggled periodically every one second

*Note: Printing of the output messages are asynchronous events and hence their ordering is not guaranteed. Image provided in above step is for illustration purpose only.*

Refer to the following table for LED and Switch name:

| Board | LED Name | Switch Name |
| ----- | -------- | ----------- |
|  [SAM L22 Xplained Pro Evaluation Kit](https://www.microchip.com/developmenttools/ProductDetails/ATSAML22-XPRO-B) | LED0 | SW0 |
|||
